# lab2

For this lab i decided to research tweets regarding BLM in the past 7 days. The reason i chose this topic is because over the years this has been a rising topic that people have been more and more aware about, but recently issues with BLM have started to emerge again. I decided to analyze this for 3 different regions in seattle. The first being the Tacoma region with a radius of 9 miles, since ive noticed a higher population of African American individuals in this region. My second location was University of Washington region with a radius of 2 miles, because i wanted to see what students who are likly to be more aware of BLM movements have to say regarding this issue. Finally, the last region i chose was bothell with a radius of 9 miles, because this is the area where i grew up and thought it would be cool to compare to. After creating word art's of these tweets, i realized a few terms to be common amongst the 3 visualizations i created. The common words were: "commiting", "riot", "racist", "protest", "police" and "same". At the same time i noticed differences, as tweets from the University of washington region contained more powerfull words than Tacoma and Bothell, while Bothell had alot of common words with the rest. The reason i recived such patterns in because students at university of washington come from diverse backgrounds learning so much about these issues, resulting in much more powerfull statements regarding BLM.
In the future to improve my research i would probably want to compare tweets from 2 years ago to now to see the difference in opinions and intiatives taken regarding such issues in the 3 different locations i selected. Additionally, one thing that stood out to me was how my tacoma data had a lot of tweets mentioning Atlanta which leads me to believe that BLM is still a rising issue in this region and steps need to be taken to understand to what extent.
